Add an overview of search methods and pages for each search method (#5636)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/semantic-search.md

---
layout: default
title: Semantic search
nav_order: 35
has_children: false
redirect_from:
  - /search-plugins/neural-text-search/
  - /search-plugins/search-methods/semantic-search/
---

# Semantic search

> Semantic searches text data considering the context and intent of a query. In OpenSearch, semantic search is facilitated by neural search with text embedding models. Semantic search creates a dense vector (a list of floats) and ingests data into a k-NN index. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semantic search considers the context and intent of a query. In OpenSearch, semantic search is facilitated by neural search with text embedding models. Semantic search creates a dense vector (a list of floats) and ingests data into a k-NN index. 
```
